Quattro: Which of my fabulous
fans should I take on today?
So many potential
targets to choose from.
Quinton: Your attitude
seriously concerns me, quattro.
Watching your fans
squirm really does give
you a charge, doesn't it?
I believe you're
jealous, Quinton.
Hey, it isn't my
fault I'm popular.
Besides, those chumps
get what they deserve.
And I have to make my work
interesting somehow, since
there's never a
chance I'll lose.
Don't be so sure
of that, quattro.
Your arrogance
will be your downfall.
If you don't like how I operate,
then maybe you should start
collecting numbers.
I will, once the
opponents get tougher.
Really?
So you think you're a
better duelist than me, huh?
Grab your deck and
let's find out.
Trey: Alright, that's
enough, quattro.
We're brothers.
We shouldn't be
amongst ourselves.
Mind your own
business, pipsqueak.
Vetrix: No! Trey
happens to be right.
I approve of your
self-Confidence, quattro.
But you must learn to better
exercise self-Control like the
others.
Excuse me?
Why does it matter
what you actually think?
Watch it, quattro.
What's that?
You will show
vetrix some respect.
You won't
talk to him that way.
Fine, Quinton.
I take it you understand
what your mission is today,
don't you, Trey?
Yes, brother.
The duelist they call shark
is still trying to track down
quattro.
Better hold on to
this number card.
I have a feeling that you'll be
running into each other very
soon.
Right. I understand.
Dr. Faker, someday I'll
take everything from you,
just like you took
everything from us.
Quinton,
just make Sure faker
doesn't find out about me.
He thinks I'm gone.
I want to leave it that way
till the day I reveal myself.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
Mr. Heartland: Greetings
from heartland city!
Welcome all!
It's day two of the
world Duel carnival!
Today, you can make
your dreams come True.
Just make sure that you all duel
with lots and lots of heart!
Good luck!
YUMA: Yes!
I'm gonna sweep this tournament!
LILLYBOT: Dream on, yuma!
Sweeping is my job.
Well I'm doing pretty
awesome so far.
See this?
Is that garbage?
It looks broken.
No, it's for the tournament and
I have three
heart pieces already.
If I keep winning, I'm
a shoe in for the finals.
I am so feelin' the flow!
TORI: First, make sure
you win your next duel.
Bronk: Pick
up the pace, Caswell!
CASWELL: Wait up, bronk!
They're in a rush,
wonder what's up?
Pizza Shop must be
givin' out free slices.
Yes!
Come on, flatfoot!
Slow down...
ouch!
I meant to do that.
Quit goofin' around,
we don't wanna be late!
Yo!
Where are you speedin' off to?
Hey guys!
Haven't you heard?
Quattro's gonna be here.
Who's quattro?
He's like one of the best
duelists in the world.
He rules!
Quattro Faced off
against shark in the finals of
the nationals!
That was him?
Astral: We must be
cautious when dealing
with this individual, yuma.
Quattro just challenged
bronk and me to duel.
Isn't that awesome?
You guys should turn him down.
Are you kidding?
Somebody told me that quattro
doesn't play by the rulebook.
He is one of the most honest
duelists that you'll ever meet.
This duel is a dream come True.
He's our hero!
Losing to him will be
a tremendous honor!
Hey, we're gonna be late!
Oh Yeah, I almost forgot.
Move it or lose it, 2nd place!
Hey!
Wait, we're comin' too!
This is a strange
place to have a duel.
Quattro picked the spot.
Probably wanted someplace
quiet to avoid his fans.
Yeah, that makes
a lot of sense.
Uh... I guess.
Together: Quattro!
I can't believe
it's really you.
You must be
Caswell and bronk.
My apologies
for being late.
Shall we get
started, my friends?
Yeah, but before we do...
can I have your autograph?
Me too, me too!
With pleasure.
I get a thrill out
of spoiling my fans.
Is this okay?
Quattro, I can't
thank you enough.
Don't forget me!
Here. Happy?
Very!
Now Let's get dueling.
Hey bronk, who do you
think should go first?
I dunno...
I suppose all three
of us could duel at once.
We can have a battle royale,
and put all our heart
pieces on the line.
A battle royale?
Interesting.
Under battle royale rules, all
three duelists will compete
against each other.
But quattro must think that
bronk and Caswell will both try
to defeat him.
So in effect, this will
really be a two-on-One duel.
Even though quattro is more
experienced, the odds will be
against him.
I just love spoiling my fans.
I want this duel
to be special for you.
There's even a chance that
together you could beat me.
It should be a
memorable matchup!
Guess they were right.
Quattro is cool!
All set?
Yeah!
Duel Disk go!
Get ready!
I'm not holding back, so get set
for the most intense duel of
your lives!
Duel Gazer Let's roll!
Let's duel!
I'll let you two go first.
But wait, the duelist who goes
last is at a big disadvantage in
a battle royale.
I guess he's giving
us another break.
I'll make the first move.
Here goes!
I draw, and I'm summoning
the monster aye-Iron!
But under the rules of a battle
royale, nobody can attack until
all the duelists take one turn.
So I'm done.
It's your move, Caswell.
Okey-Dokey,
I draw!
And first I'm
summoning debugger x!
And now it's your turn, quattro.
Well Well,
you've chosen very
unusual monsters.
Nice work, you guys.
I can see you're both
shrewd and creative.
Did you hear that?
He just praised us, bronk.
I know, but we should
keep our guards up.
Now gentlemen, I draw!
I place a monster
facedown in defense mode.
But I'm not done yet.
Next I'll place
two more cards facedown.
And finally, I activate the
field spell xyz colosseum!
This spell boosts the attack
points of all xyz monsters in
the colosseum by
two hundred points,
but if your monster isn't an xyz
monster, then you're out of luck
because it can't attack.
And now I end my turn.
This field looks old and creepy.
Why did quattro choose this
field for a confrontation?
It is True that his xyz monsters
will have more power, but so
will the xyz monsters
of his opponents.
I see what he's up to.
You can't summon an xyz monster
till you have at least two
monsters with the same level.
That's why quattro did it.
He played his field spell to
stop our attacks till he draws
the cards he needs.
Unless, we outsmart him.
Hey quattro, check this!
I'm summoning tin goldfish!
And now I can summon
a twin of my tin!
Cause once I summon one tin
goldfish, I can play another one
right away!
Here's tin goldfish number two!
Bronk is trying to use
quattro's strategy against him.
Go for it!
Now I'll take my tin goldfish
and aye-Iron, and overlay them!
Now I can build
the overlay network,
and that means I can xyz summon!
So say hello to tin archduke!
Excellent!
You're a lot quicker on the
draw than I expected, bronk.
That was just the
warm-Up act quattro!
Since Tin archduke is an xyz
monster, colosseum's effect
makes it stronger by
two hundred attack points!
And that's not all,
I activate its special ability!
Now I can use one overlay Unit
and pull a switcheroo on your
monster's battle mode!
Oh my, it looks like you've
outmaneuvered me again, bronk.
You certainly
are a talented duelist.
Wow!
Thanks quattro!
Nice goin'! the duel just got
started and quattro has praised
you twice already!
I'm changing quattro's facedown
monster in defense mode to
attack mode.
Gentlemen, say hello to my
gimmick puppet Princess.
That monster
has zero attack points.
This is gonna be a breeze.
I can't miss!
Okay Archduke,
attack that
gimmick puppet Princess!
Blade bop!
I activate the puppet
repair trap card!
This trap comes in handy when a
puppet monster that's level four
or lower gets destroyed.
It lets me summon the
same monster from my deck.
So here's another
gimmick Puppet Princess!
Okay, then I'll just pull the
ol' reverse-O-Rama trick again!
Use Your special
ability tin archduke!
By Using an overlay unit, I'll
change your monster's battle
mode, so now your
puppet's in attack mode!
Amazing!
Your monster can actually use
its special ability more than
once a turn?
This isn't looking good for me.
Oh wow!
I can hardly believe it!
I know.
If bronk and Caswell keep up the
pressure, they could pull off an
upset!
My turn now!
I draw!
Quattro Really messed up!
This is too easy!
With No attack points, his
monster's a sitting duck!
In the end, any attack at all
will pulverize his puppet.
And if I use an attack that's at
least 1600 points, we'll win the
duel.
I summon debugger
z in Attack mode!
Here's where the
real fun begins.
Cause if there's a debugger x on
the field when I summon my
debugger Z, then I can
also summon my debugger y!
Yikes!
That makes three
level 3 monsters!
Guess you know what's
coming next, quattro!
I'm overlaying all
three debuggers,
and now I build the overlay
network and xyz summon!
Here comes antidote nurse!
And Now,
thanks to the colosseum field
spell, antidote nurse gets a
booster of two
hundred attack points!
Just what the doctor ordered.
Get that Princess,
antidote nurse.
Oh no,
what am I going to do?
Oh yeah!
They won!
Great Teamwork, Caswell!
All right!
We beat quattro!
My congratulations.
Your attacks have
been truly amusing.
But they were hardly
enough to defeat me.
Hold on,
Caswell destroyed his monster.
Interesting.
Yeah, how did you survive?
I simply activated my gimmick
box trap as soon as you
attacked.
Not only don't I take any damage
from your attack, but this trap
card then transforms
into a monster card.
And that's not the only
surprise I have in store.
Remember the amount of
damage I would have taken?
That becomes my monster's
attack points instead.
You should forget about
this duel, brother.
It's clear they don't
have any number cards.
Or else They would have
used them already.
Number cards?
I see!
Quattro and his brother
must be number hunters!
Now my friends, since I can't
take any numbers from you, I'll
enjoy watching
you squirm instead.
Say what?
What does that mean?
How many times do I have to tell
you I love spoiling my fans?
And when I say spoiled,
I mean really spoiled!
You're finished!
I have to admit you
two are pretty good,
better than most of
the chumps I've faced.
Unfortunately, your dueling
skills are still far below mine.
Even working together, you're
not good enough to beat me!
Gimmick puppet
Scarecrow, come out!
Next I activate the spell
card level doubler!
Now I can send one of the cards
in my hand to the graveyard to
double my puppet
scarecrow's level from 4 to 8!
Are you feeling
the thrill yet?
And now it's time
to end this duel.
I overlay level 8 gimmick box
and gimmick puppet scarecrow in
order to build
the overlay network!
I xyz summon number 15:
Gimmick puppet giant grinder.
He really is a number Hunter.
There's more.
Don't forget xyz Colosseum gives
my giant two hundred more attack
points.
And then my giant can
activate its special ability.
By using an overlay unit, it can
target the xyz monsters you
activated and destroy them!
Your nightmare is just beginning
though, because the attack
points of the destroyed Monster
are then dealt to you as damage!
Damage?
That's 2400 attack points
coming your way.
This duel's been
fun, you fools.
Fire away!
This duel's been
fun, you fools!
Oh No, bronk!
You're next, small fry!
Sorry I have to destroy
your antidote nurse.
But don't worry, all her power
will be coming right back at
you! Blast away!
I won't be happy until all my
fans get exactly what they
deserve.
You two twerps are going
down with a big bang!
I activate my two gimmick puppet
Princess' special abilities from
my graveyard.
I banish them to summon two
monsters from your graveyards
back to your fields.
First up, tin archduke.
He's going after
their monsters again!
And Because my colosseum's
effect will increase tin
archduke's attack points,
there's even more power I can
turn against you.
Of course!
Quattro has set up a
perfect attack loop!
Wait, what do you mean?
He can use their monsters
against them again?
Correct.
Your friends are helpless.
My fans are no different from
the puppet monsters contained in
my deck.
They're helpless to resist my
will, and I'm pulling all the
strings!
Once Again my giant will
destroy your feeble monsters,
and end this duel!
Quattro Set this trap up from
the beginning of the match.
He tricked bronk and Caswell
into Choosing monsters that he
could use against them.
His strategy is devious,
but quite effective.
They've lost.
It's not over yet.
I still have a lot
more spoiling to do.
Go giant grinder!
Hold on, your duel is over!
Sorry, but this duel isn't
finished until I decide it is!
Now giant grinder,
final dance!
Guys!
this is horrible.
Come on, you guys.
Wake up. Wake up!
This is not good.
Everything's going
to be okay, bronk.
But what about... Caswell?
Please hang on.
You maniac!
They looked up to you!
Why did you do this to them?
Let's just say that I
find it highly entertaining.
That does it!
Quattro, I'm
challenging you now!
Get ready to duel!
Does this mean you've
become a fan, too?
SHARK: Hello quattro.
What's shark doing here?
You were hard to find.
But now that I've
hunted you down quattro,
let's duel!